feat(changelog): console-added-webauthn-based-2fa 2025-10-06 (#5616)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2025/2025-10-06-console-added-webauthn-based-2fa.mdx

---
title: WebAuthn based 2FA
status: added
date: 2025-10-06
category: console
product: console
---

> New: WebAuthn (Passkey) support for Two-Factor Authentication (2FA). Secure your account with biometrics or a physical security key via your Security Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scaleway console now provides WebAuthn (Passkey) support for Two-Factor Authentication (2FA). Secure your account with biometrics or a physical security key via the [Organization security](https://console.scaleway.com/settings/organization/security) dashboard in your **Settings** space.
```
